# iVisit

iVisit: Situated Learning Experiences through Web-based Virtual Field Trips

iVisit is a virtual field trip platform that leverages web-based digital environments to deliver multi-user, synchronous situated learning experiences. iVisit virtual field trips offer students in-depth spatial communication learning and practice opportunities as they interact with peers and instructors. Specifically, iVisit presents a unique opportunity to transform STEM education by eliminating the critical barriers to existing field trips, as many students cannot experience the physical and social aspects of these field trips due to remote locations, expensive travel, or unsafe situations. In iVisit virtual field trips, groups of students can easily and repeatedly experience locations (spatial and temporal settings) and people (social settings) that were previously impossible, dangerous, or expensive to visit. Students that use iVisit will navigate the digital data-rich environments that contain multiple representations of information (e.g., texts, drawings, 3D models, 360-degree images, point clouds) to visit various construction sites all around the world, observe the challenges of those construction projects, and spatially communicate with their team members about problems in those sites. All the software is based on the Mozilla Hubs open-source platform. This source code has been modified and adapted for our project.  

This project is under development, so keep checking back for the latest updates!  We envision that iVisit will look something like this in the future: https://hub.link/LuwfAkL
